You're the consultant now to advise Texas A&M's leaders.
What advice would you give them about Texas A&M moving progressively forward in the future?
Well, I would say go back to teaching them freshman English.
And that would include maybe some of the faculty.
But I think that.
You're meaning fewer TAs, fewer teaching.
No, I don't.
I think that we've been very fortunate over the years we've had some TAs that I would have welcomed going to school with.
Not that at all.
I'm talking about the fact now that you can escape from this school without ever having written a paper in English class and have anybody judge your English and correct your mistakes.
And I would recommend that every student be required to take speech.
And everybody be given a course in reading.
I can't see how anybody can become educated without learning to read.
And I don't see how we can transform what we know.
into projects that are successful without being able to write and to speak and to present our ideas clearly.
All of mine would be from the narrow view of recommendations of a teacher of how we can best present ourselves by having students who can
meet people, talk, and write.
And of course, they are well-read, so they have something to talk about.
All right.
Next, the last question then.
If someone walked up to you and gave you a check for a million dollars with one requirement, that you must pass it on to Texas A&M, but you can decide what use would be made of that money,
If you could make a meaningful gift to A&M, what would you want that gift to go for?
Well, I guess it would be to give scholarships to minority students.
What minorities?
All minorities.
And how would they be selected?
Well, I would say, first of all, on the grounds of ability and need.
I don't think everybody needs to be educated.
And I've met some self-educated people, beginning with my father, who
had great success without ever having a formal education.
I was consulted by two people about writing, and both of them apologized because they didn't have formal educations.
I said, because they weren't educated.
I said, no, you're educated.
You're obviously educated.
You wouldn't have achieved what you've achieved in life already.
I said, you just don't have a formal education.
You're self-educated.
And I think if we could find the people who would be successful, self-educated people, and give them the added bonus of a formal education, that would be what I'd like to do with the money.
In your desire, would it matter what their major was?
Yeah.
As my father said, I don't give a damn
What you take or where you go, you're going.
And that was the thing that made me where I am today, that one simple statement.
My last question then, what feelings do you carry in your heart today for Texas A&M?
Well, it was very good to me.
I had a good life here.
I found my wife here and have far many friendships here.
And I still enjoy going to A&M and meeting colleagues, new younger people.
And some of the old ones are still there.
Fewer and fewer by the day.
Let's quit with that.
Okay.
That's great.